
Origin-Agency:      Reuters Information Associates Ltd
Origin-Source:      NEW YORK, Unified States of America
Origin-Date:        12:45 12/05/2015 ZTM/15
Origin-Reporter:    Jackie Ongst R#705564744
Article-Title:      Cypherterrorists in 413Hn rail-gun ransom
Article-Edition:    Verbose Technical Class A
Article-Class:      UNcert-5mLZBX6balNxdC3ey5MSy5wWJvF
Article-Category:   General release
Article-Keywords:   cryptography, cryptology, terrorist, CDOFF
Article-Body:       ASCII
Article-Reference:  Azwf4KmCe5zPX2FJZnhNrpY3gyBKQcVpP5
                    VCAltLMimMytRlrWlMPoIZ/ymT+gzJOKh0


NEW YORK, USA
12th May 2015


In  a  brief  seqpict earlier  today,  the seemingly unstoppable
cypherterrorist group CDOFF announced yet another ransom demand.
This  ransom  demand  continues their  ever  growing  and boldly
disturbing  assault on the integrity and day to day operation of
the  UN  datasphere.  Only  47  days  ago,  the  group  released
documents  seized from the archives  of the former United States
of America, revealing ten years of data interception on it's own
citizens by the then ever secret National Security Agency (NSA),
the  result  was a mass data  shift away from the Unified States
into  offshore  repositories, causing the  worst Balance of Data
figures  the US has seen since  the inception of the Global Data
Accord (GDA) in 1998.

The  CDOFF demand involves seizure of the UN AXIS-52 atmospheric
filtration  grid. The AXIS-52 system involves some 514 low orbit
satellites installed in 2004 as an insurance measure against the
effects of a late 20th century phenomena known as the Greenhouse
Effect.  The Greenhouse Effect was  a result of growing molecule
toxicity  levels in the upper  atmosphere and the AXIS-52 system
sought to revert this trend. It's success is hailed as a turning
point  in  the history of  the  global environment. However, the
project  was  shrouded  in controversy  due  to the inclusion of
rail-guns  as a means of providing protection against terrorists
who  might  seek  to destroy the  grid.  The  rail-guns have the
ability to direct small explosive particles at such a speed that
their  impact  will  penetrate anything  at  ground level. In an
unexpected  move, the CDOFF has sought  not to destroy the grid,
but  to  use it's weapons as  a means of mass destruction unless
it's  demands  are satisfied. These  weapons  give the CDOFF the
ability  to  destroy  any  target  directly  observable  by grid
satellites.

To  return  control  of AXIS-52 back  to  the  UN, the CDOFF has
requested  a  413Hn deposit at a  numbered  account in the Gazza
Data  Repository  (GDR). The outlawed  GDR  has come under heavy
criticism  in the last few years as alarming numbers of criminal
transactions  have been traced into its boundaries. This episode
will  surely  see a renewal of  pressure on the GDR to establish
co-operative  measures  with the  UN Data Transfer Investigation
Authority (UN-DTIA).

The  seqpict,  delivered  to the  UN  and all global information
agencies  at  approximately 8:45  12/05/2015, contained not only
the  ransom  demand but, in what  has become a trademark for the
CDOFF,  full technical details and authenticity dialogues of the
operation  so as to provide  irrefutable proof of their actions.
Reuters  expert  Anthony  Gilchrist  confirms  the  CDOFF attack
originated  via the join UN-US UN Defence (UN-DEF) data facility
at  Pine-Gap in Australia  using sophisticated neuron monitoring
equipment.   As  in  previous   operations,  the  CDOFF  initial
cypherdestruction  took place on  the controversial hybrid human
brain  computing platform, pioneered by the former US-NSA, known
as Controlled Cranial Processing (CCP).

The  CDOFF demand gives the UN a  48 hour deadline, or it claims
the  AXIS-52  rail-guns  will be used  as  part  of a systematic
campaign  to  destroy  UN-DEF  ground  level  data respositories
around  the globe. While not wanting to comment, a spokesman for
the UN Datasphere Special Protection Service (UN-DSPS) confirmed
the  agency  has  validated CDOFF  claims  and was assessing the
situation to determine the most appropriate line of action.



